modification of the training tech description (#83)
NBISweden/Training-Tech-shorts: README.md

# Training-Tech-shorts

> Short lessons, training various technologies useful to our work (not team specific such as pixi, quarto, vscode...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn to use research software engineering tools essential for our work through these short training lessons
```
Or
```suggestion
Training materials for research software engineering tools used in our work, presented as short lessons.
```

compiles knowledge over time.

Issues are made for a core set of tools to be taught, and what
the scope of those lessons should be. 
Anyone can suggest a lesson and anyone can volunteer to teach it.
Each lesson should be about 30 minutes in length, and is taught through demonstration.

There are 2 lessons of 1h per months, the first one is a demonstration by the teacher on a spceific tool or technology and the second one is a follow-up lesson where anyone can ask questions on what they have tried to implement during the two weeks between the lessons or just show what they have done with the tool/technology. 

> The target is the whole NBIS and affiliates, including the managers, as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The target audience is NBIS and their affiliates, including the managers, as well
```
